the FED has accumulated nearly $5
trillion in garbage debt in order to
prop up the stock market and indirectly
the rest of the world they are not alone
as all other central banks have engaged
in the same destructive policy the
challenge has always been how do we
reverse this without completely
collapsing the global economy you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to look at
the fed's discussion and I want to uh
connect that in with a few other issues
let's begin right here Wall Street ended
lower on Wednesday after a late
afternoon reversal following signals
from the FED that it could change its
Bond investment policy this year
quenching a rally sparked by a strong
private sector jobs report they're
saying that everything is just fine and
so perhaps it's time after a decade to
change our
policy to change the fact that we have
hidden $5
trillion of garbage on our balance sheet
and that's at least five nearly $5
trillion there's a lot more of course in
The Limited audit audit of the Federal
Reserve we saw $16 trillion who knows
how much there really is also investor
concerns about the Trump's
Administration ability to deliver
promised tax cuts were intensified by
comments from lawmakers on deep
divisions in Washington we've seen
what's happening back and forth there's
one thing that the Congress is good at
it's that they're unable to make
decisions I guess that's positive anyway
um they're considering it to be about
4.5 trillion sure their balance sheet is
basically holding on to the worst of the
worst we're not talking about something
that would benefit the US I mean it's
just saying look we'll buy this garbage
from you it's toxic let's get it off
your book
and then you will look better as a
result but of course it doesn't work
like that you can't just keep it off the
balance sheet just like they do with
Medicare Medicaid and all the other
other unfunded liabilities just because
you have this quasi government sort of
private institution called the Federal
Reserve which Prince the currency loans
it out to the government at interest and
you can say look you hold on to the debt
for us nothing's going to come of that
it doesn't work like that all central
banks right now engaging in the same
exact G
exactly the same either it scared
participants because the talk that
sounds like it might like it may be the
stock market is bubbling or there's some
thought that normalization of the
balance sheet is going to harm
growth of course it will or that we are
going to get more rate rate hikes it's
clear that that's what they've always
done this for the stock market was
declining they jumped in they bought
trillions of dollars of I don't want to
call them assets but they bought
trillions of dollars of garbage and what
do you
expect really if you're going to pull
that out I mean even if they start
pulling out it wouldn't surprise me if
they do it in such a trickle fashion I
don't know how they're going to do this
without completely
destroying the economy I really don't I
I don't know how it's going to be
possible I mean the interest rates have
been slowly slowly slowly increasing and
we don't know at what point they're
going to stop that but you see the stock
market I mean it
needs some level of you know putting the
brakes on but they're not going ahead
with that policy they're not trying to
stop it they're just trying to show that
you know no we're doing stuff we're
doing stuff you know we're increasing
the interest rates just casually and
carefully they can't do this they do it
every time but they shouldn't do it look
at this all the central banks engaging
in the same policy as I've said and you
Can See Clearly all at the same
time there is only one policy and that
is ramp up the printing presses everyone
the fed the ECB China Japan England
everybody they are trying to expand
their balance sheets to the point where
it's you know the percentage of GDP here
getting closer and closer to 100% as
time goes on many people will say it's
manageable don't worry about it all this
stuff you can't go ahead with this
policy never before never in history has
this been done it's the craziest
experiment in finance ever so we are
living in interesting times there's no
doubt because just since the the
financial crisis we have had an
expansion of the monetary Supply far
beyond anything that was created before
in just let's say a year and a half more
money created than all of the years
combined it's not going to end well well
the GDP numbers are out and this is the
GDP now forecast I've brought it up here
before I'm sure you've seen it and it
essentially says that you could see it
for yourself right here
0.6 that's the FED
forecast right from the website FB
Atlanta every time every single
month every quarter every year they
start high they end low it's just the
way that it is every time it's never
higher except except for that surprise
one time when they implemented Obamacare
and everyone started paying through
their
teeth with all the expenses that were
incurred that's it just because they
added a new tax that expenditures had
risen and it was all directed towards
Obamacare other than that time this is
what happens every single time let's
move on quickly right here credit card
debt oh how I love credit card debt
revolving Consumer Credit has expanded
once again over $1
trillion over $1 trillion in credit card
debt revolving Consumer Credit
specifically and you look at it and you
figure what are people doing since the
financial crisis there was perhaps some
deleveraging maybe but ever since then
slowly but surely and now with a
quickening pace it has been increasing
people on the individuals are expanding
their debt they're doing exactly what
their government's doing they're
learning from
their
overlords get into debt it's okay it's
so okay big mistake big mistake I
say this right here the Miami date
County condo sales and inventory I
believe that Florida is often the canary
and the coal mine for what we will
experience in other places it's often
seen as a vacation area so people are
going to sell their vacation homes prior
to their own
places and um it shows you I believe it
was during the financial crisis probably
just after the financial crisis where
you saw vacancy rate of something around
the lines of
19% vac vacancy rate it's unbelievable
anyway look at
this
declining this is worrisome because as I
said it's sort of like the canary and
the coal mine and I had one of my
subscribers here who's a realtor in
Florida tell me what's happening
and this chart explains it
exactly cars for concern contribution to
changing gross domestic product from
motor vehicle output you can see this
one right
here what is that that's Cash for
Clunkers most likely they implemented a
policy saying look you bring in your old
car we'll give you some money lots of
money for it compared to what we
normally would and we will then you know
if you use it towards uh getting a new
car so it's a program to try to get the
Auto industry going again and there you
go there was your rise and immediately
following that a significant drop and
look it's not doing well look at the
trend declining as well because people
are maxed out on the amount of debt that
they are yes you know there there is
still an expansion but they're just
redlining everybody's redlining more and
more more
people are
engaging in the policies that the
Federal Reserve that the you know on a
municipal level on a national level
everything and then there's this just
for fun yes it's true we enslave you and
that's the way that this works I find it
to be the
truth that the Federal Reserve the
central banks are ultimately the slave
owners and we are the
slaves working within this monetary
system
altogether is very very risky it's very
dangerous it's a fragile system that at
any moment look at the flash crash of
2010 it could drop a th000 points
instantly and what would people do when
they can't even react to sell what they
have in time all I'm saying is there's
much risk out there if the Federal
Reserve rolls back on its policy we're
going to have very very big problems and
it will
happen as quick as they roll back is how
fast this could all happen but of course
it's all about the words that they use
and that is they actually have stated
the FED stated that is a tool the words
we use are a tool in order to manipulate
the markets if they're going to talk
about pulling
back I don't think the markets are going
to like that very much if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found this video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new book just released global economic
collapse even more informative the first
book is about the four asset classes how
to profit from them talks about history
as well the new book is
about familiar topics but also into more
of okay how do I get this done okay so
it's about reducing your monthly
expenses becoming self-sufficient and
talk about a different way out this book
is the money GPS strategy and that's
lowering your expenses and then the
first book was about the money GPS
formula which is essentially trying to
have more assets than expenses to pay
off and combining the two together
creates this incredible Synergy if you
found this interesting checkout Amazon
they have a look inside feature so then
you can actually just flip through the
pages of the books to see if you like
them take care